Adding expressions which will indicate that Portals are still in a proposal phase (#1473)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/hands-on-portals/index.md

---
title: "Hands-on with Portals: seamless navigation on the Web"
subhead: |

>   Learn how the proposed Portals API could change the way we build good navigation UX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how the proposed Portals API can improve your navigation UX.
```
Proposed to reduce length and avoid first person.

date: 2019-05-06
updated: 2019-08-29
authors:
  - uskay
hero: hero.png
alt: A logo of Portals
description: |

>   A newly proposed Portals API helps keep your front-end simple while allowing seamless navigations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The newly proposed Portals API helps keep your front-end simple while allowing seamless navigations
```
Definite article since there's only one Portals API.

## Feedback welcome

> The Portals proposal is still in the early stages so not everything is working yet (that's why it's behind an experimental flag). That said, it's ready for experimentation in Chrome Canary. Feedback from the community is crucial to the design of new APIs, so please try it out and tell us what you think! You can check the current limitations on [the Chromium bug tracker](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=957836) and if you have any feature requests, or feedback, please head over to the [WICG GitHub repo](https://github.com/WICG/portals/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Portals proposal is still in the early stages, so not everything is working yet. (That's why it's behind an experimental flag.) That said, it's ready for experimentation in Chrome Canary. Feedback from the community is crucial to the design of new APIs, so please try it out and tell us what you think! You can check the current limitations on the [Chromium bug tracker](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=957836). If you have any feature requests or feedback, please head over to the [WICG GitHub repo](https://github.com/WICG/portals/issues).
```
Cleaning up a few editorial issues.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the long turn-around time, this LGTM.
